dusty crophopper here coming into city
we have attack of the dinosaurs in a
Minecraft squid in the lake coming in
for a landing
oh no they're on the attack
hobbykid have you figured out why
they're so angry all I can you have
Alfonzo
hunting for bones dinosaur bones that's
why they're so upset all their friends
are extinct all that's left are bones
hobbykid is gonna put together the
dinosaur bone under the bones are some
prizes you guys are in half a dig for
them
I'm gonna show you how to make the Santa
first you pour the water in the sand
and then you be a little bit dry sand
the middle you mix it up and the mole
pack it ready well and then you put it
back fast you do that to all the pieces
and then the cover don't die
ooh there's the skull the neck bones aw
fell apart all the ribs stay together
come on yes yes but bone oh good job
tail
hey you're not bad ooh loan turned out
pretty good the other foot bone it's
looking good
lastly the little claw
not bad you can tell it's a sand
dinosaur though yeah let's start digging
for our surprises now get your handy
dandy shovel oh man I don't want to
break it I know we have to destroy our
dinosaur we made it we gotta do it
there's our first surprise big one who
got buried under the dinosaur Leo lardo
large cats kind of reminds me a nerd hey
do you know that turtle living to
traffic period whoa that's cool that's
why he was down there
let's dig for the next surprise always
gone for the foot bone what dinosaur egg
is that it's a candy egg rockstar burst
in it oh here comes hobby frog run in
here candy
hey guys sounds like sweet jellybeans
alrighty anything in his brain
nope get a pea brain oh there's no pea
brain right there that's where his brain
was anything in his tail there was it
was a minion in a tail which means it
beginning thank the man survived when a
dinosaurs were alive they've been around
a long time huh named David around for
humans that's true
we and and before that for that shame
okay is that effect el macho oh well
he's a bad guy anyway so that's okay he
was buried we're gonna bury him again
goodbye a macho wait I think I feel
something feel another surprise
jkhanner I think that's as me it's a
Godzilla character hey cool incisions
well I think it's a robot yeah that's
pretty cool
well looks like a robot bar once a tail
yeah it does
I like the color blue of it actually
it's kind of neat as little wings there
another one it's our another surprise
hiding who'd you scoop up who is that
it's destroyer from Godzilla even
earlier
I'm pretty sure it's a boy hard to tell
though I think it's a girl
does she look evil that she's like she's
scared enough
I think that's true yeah is a girl named
kind of destoroyah it almost sounds like
destroyer but with a New York accent
it's my destroyer are you talking about
yeah we better get to him before the
dinosaurs do we also have some fun
surprise it's hiding inside Hulk's bowl
we have Thor we have Iron Man we even
have the First Avenger